remove confusing extra information (#28746)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/thread/index.md

The **{{Glossary("main thread")}}** is the one used by the browser to handle user events, render and paint the display, and to run the majority of the code that comprises a typical web page or app. Because these things are all happening in one thread, a slow website or app script slows down the entire browser; worse, if a site or app script enters an infinite loop, the entire browser will hang. This results in a frustrating, sluggish (or worse) user experience.

> However, modern {{Glossary("JavaScript")}} offers ways to create additional threads, each executing independently while possibly communicating between one another. This is done using technologies such as **[web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API)**, which can be used to spin off a sub-program which runs concurrently with the main thread in a thread of its own. This allows slow, complex, or long-running tasks to be executed independently of the main thread, preserving the overall performance of the site or app—as well as that of the browser overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, modern {{Glossary("JavaScript")}} offers ways to create additional threads, each executing independently while possibly communicating between one another. This is done using technologies such as **[web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API)**, which can be used to spin off a sub-program which runs concurrently with the main thread in a thread of its own. This allows slow, complex, or long-running tasks to be executed independently of the main thread, preserving the overall performance of the site or app—as well as that of the browser overall.

Single-threaded and multi-threaded programs can both run on either single-core or multi-core processors. A single-threaded program will only use a single core, even on a multi-core processor. However, a multi-threaded program can use multiple cores when running on a multi-core processor, which gives it a performance boost over a single-threaded program.
```

Maybe? This seems like a lot of explanation.

Reviewer 2: @wbamberg The whole page needs to be re-written - the first sentence and last paragraph to me are just wrong.

I agree with you that the removed text is not ambiguous. It is poor though - what's the "this"? 
If it is worth talking about then having more words is OK. But my focus would be multi threaded on single vs mult-core.

How about this compromise - not so many words as yours and cleans up the specific misperception. 

```suggestion
Modern {{Glossary("JavaScript")}} offers ways to create additional threads, each executing independently while possibly communicating between one another. This is done using technologies such as [web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API), which can be used to spin off a sub-program that runs concurrently with the main thread in a thread of its own. This allows slow, complex, or long-running tasks to be executed independently of the main thread, preserving the overall performance of the site or app—as well as that of the browser overall.
Threading also allows web applications to take advantage of modern multi-core processors: allowing for even better performance than a multi-threaded application running on a single core.
```

Reviewer: > @wbamberg The whole page needs to be re-written - the first sentence and last paragraph to me are just wrong.

Yes, I agree, this is not a good article. But this PR is not an improvement.

> 
> I agree with you that the removed text is not ambiguous. It is poor though - what's the "this"? If it is worth talking about then having more words is OK. But my focus would be multi threaded on single vs mult-core.
> 
> How about this compromise - not so many words as yours and cleans up the specific misperception.

I mean, it's fine, and an improvement over what's there, but this:

> enabling even better performance than multi-threaded applications running on a single core.

For me the main point here is that single-threaded programs can't take advantage of multicore, and multi-threaded programs can.

But maybe just merge this, and file another PR to try to rewrite the page?

Reviewer 2: Sure! We'll be no worse off. Are you happy to take a shot at the rewrite - I suspect you are more opinionated on this.
